Partner: Minh Nguyen
NSID: thn649
Student #: 11286346

Main student: Al Joshua Rollo
NSID: apr213
Student #: 11214158

Documentation ----------------------------
Goals - The goal that we are trying to make is to create a server with a multiple sender and receiever clients
through threading (with a max of 10, this can be changed by redefining BACKLOG in server.c). 
The main functionality that we are trying to implement with our server is to be a 
hub of some sort for our multiple sender/receivers. The sender sends from stdin 
(whether it be a file or from the console) into the server. The server will then receieve and print out 
that message. The receiver will then grab that message from the server to be displayed 
alongside its IP address, port and the message itself.

How to run - 
1) In a terminal, type "make"
2) type "server" which will run server.c. This will print out the server/receiever ports
3) Create two terminals, one for sender and one for receiver. 
4) In the second terminal, type in "sender ${Whatever host name you are in} ${sender port number displayed in first terminal}".
This will bring up a prompt of you entering a message to be sent
(4th step NOTE: If you want to redirect a file, type in "sender ${Whatever host name you are in} ${sender port number displayed in first terminal < ${Filename}")
5) In the third terminal, type in "receiver ${Whatever host name you are in} ${receiever port number displayed in first terminal}".
6) (Default 10, you can change this in server.c via BACKLOG) You can keep creating any number of terminals
for sender/receiever as long as the sum of both of them do not go past 10. If they do, they will not work, even
though they are connected.



Files - 
    server.c - This is the server that receieves messages from the sender clients which is then
    passed on to receievers. This will also print out message from the sender clients
    sender.c - This is the sender client. You can either input your own message or redirect a file
    receiver.c - This is the receiver client. This will print out the messages that was sent
    Makefile - Compiles server.c, sender.c and reciever.c

Limitations -
    Blank messages (empty strings) will not get sent.
    BACKLOG will be the amount of sender/receiver that you can have. Any more of sender/receiever will not
    work even though it is connected
    MAXBUFLEN (message size) is set to 1000, any more than 1000 messages will hang the program. You can change
    this macro if you want a longer message

Testing -
    1) Tested to see if blank messages will get sent. It won't send
    2) Tested to see if more than MAXBUFLEN messages will work, it will make the program hang (change MAXBUFLEN
    if you want a longer message)
    3) Tested to see if creating more than BACKLOG senders + receievers will work. The senders + receievers
    that was made past BACKLOG will connect BUT NOT work.
    4) Tested to see if senders will send through different ports
    5) Tested to see if receivers will receieve through different ports
    6) Tested to see if multiple receivers will receieve from one sender